has different All, Sir, you're going to have new team members reporting
aboard this ship, This water to the organization. So things that you
want to look at is where does the person on the team fit? Okay, what
animal s is Does this person have? Where in the Manning document
does he or she it? If I need a SAR swimmer and the source swimming
school is only offered, you know, semi annually. And I report that three
saw swimmers aboard the ship. Okay? And this person is reported
to me as a star swimmer, but hasn't been to this girl. Okay, Now I
have to make sure that he or she has had time and reported in route
to coming to my Does he have time? She had time to get this article.
By the way, when you get those orders and you're looking at your team
rotations, start swimming School is very important for the chef way.
Need somebody out there? That's your responsibility. It's not the
person. It's your responsibility to make sure that you have a full
complement of people. You need to carry out the mission. So you know,
it's our swimmer is leaving make sure you've either identified a
new person coming of war to go and be the source warmer for you have
identified someone else with a team to go to saw school and become.
The ships are small now I've since our swimmer, but that applies for
the majority of multiple off unless it's within the ship.